# Agenda - 4/16/2020

## Welcome
- Thank you for joining today!
- Purpose: This is a forum to learn from each other about the benefits of sharing and open sourcing software.

## Programming Notes
1. Next meeting is May 21st (Always 3rd Thursday of the month.). 
    - Meeting info. sent through Code.gov listserv.
    - Sign up for CODE listserv - CODE-subscribe-request@listserv.gsa.gov. Leave the subject and body blank.
2. We have a *Slack channel* for more real-time collaboration outside the listserv. Anyone with a .gov and .mil email address can join. Email addition request to Amin Mehr (amin.mehr@gsa.gov).
3. Here is our current [agency liaison list](SupportingDocs/agency_liaisons.md).

## OMB update on FSCP
- Policy (M-16-21) continues - agencies have to create policy, update acquisition language to capture new custom code, and inventory code and post inventory on root directory.
- 20% pilot expired in August 2019 and working with OMB on ways to extend in the future. 
- IDC Update - OMB is no longer requiring agencies to complete the IDC report for M-16-21. Code.gov will work with agencies on metrics to monitor compliance.

## Updates to Code.gov platform
- Adding swing resources - 18F engineer, Code It Forward Fellow.
- Updating front-end to USWDS. About 80% finished.
- Various component and vulnerability updates.
- Future items: Updated metadata schema, M-16-21 compliance metrics, engagement metrics based on agency inventory and GH API.

## Current news
By Nicole Williams, Code.gov’s Comms Chief.
- Federal Source Code Conference April 16, 2020 POSTPONED!
- Upcoming Blogs: SSA Hackathon, Success Stories in Open Source in Government
- [Crowdsourcing for Code Webinar](https://digital.gov/event/2020/02/11/federal-crowdsourcing-webinar-series-episode-7/).
- Upcoming Social Media: Announcements regarding Summit being postponed.
- Follow Us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/codedotgov), [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/code-gov), [Medium](https://medium.com/@CodeDotGov).

## Current engagements
- [Federal Source Code Study](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov/tree/master/docs/FederalSourceCodeStudy) is now live!
    - Three year study of agency implementation of the Federal Source Code Policy (FSCP).
    - Findings show agencies struggle with technology and policy implementation.
    - Code.gov will have future blog posts and speaking engagements presenting the study.
- Software Productivity and Quality Working Group
    - Includes BLS, NASA, NIST, DOD, GSA
    - Monthly calls with demos, super geeky conversations on code value and quality.
    - Send Peter Meyer (Meyer.Peter@bls.gov) an email if interested in joining.
- Federal Source Code Toolkit
    - Looking for contributions on the current [documents](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-open-source-toolkit).

## Events
Federal Source Code Summit - *Postponed until further notice*

## Kudos
- DOE, CFPB, NASA for working with the Code.gov team on new Spotlight Stories.
- USCIS for moving Tech Talks virtually and hosting Code.gov soon.
- SSA and USDA for participating in GSA customer listening sessions.

## Demo
Taylor Yates from NASA