# Meeting Minutes - 2/20/2020

## Welcome
- Thank you for joining today!
- Purpose: This is a forum to learn from each other, not about compliance but about realizing the benefits of engaging with the public and releasing software.
- Programming note - next meeting is March 19th (Always 3rd Thursday of the month.). 
    - Meeting info. sent through Code.gov listserv.
    - Sign up for CODE listserv - CODE-subscribe-request@listserv.gsa.gov. Leave the subject and body blank.

## IOUs from Code.gov - collected at the meeting in December
1. There was a *request for a Slack channel* for communication among the CoP outside the listserv. We use 18F Slack (really TTS now) and our channel is #code-gov-partners. Anyone with a .gov and .mil can join. Send a message to Amin Mehr (amin.mehr@gsa.gov) requesting to be added to the channel.
2. Peter Meyer's email (Meyer.Peter@bls.gov) for those interested in participating in the Software Productivity and Quality Working Group.
3. As requested, here is the [agency liaison list](SupportingDocs/agency_liaisons.md). Please keep me (joseph.castle@gsa.gov) and Amin (amin.mehr@gsa.gov) updated on required changes (a PR works too!).

## OMB update on FSCP
- Policy (M-16-21) continues - agencies have to create policy, update acquisition language to capture new custom code, and inventory code and post inventory on root directory.
- 20% pilot expired in August 2019 but OMB will extend pilot indefinitely in new Automated Tech Policy. 
    - Asking agencies to email OMB about new policy - Rebecca Williams (rebecca.a.williams@omb.eop.gov).

## Updates to Code.gov
- Updates to platform
    - Updating front-end to USWDS. About 80% finished.
    - Various component and vulnerability updates.
    - Helpful resource - Snyk/Forrester webinar - [ROI of Open Source Security](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwFlwiqOodg&t=2736s).
- Metadata schema meeting
    - Held meeting on 1/22.
    - Posted [meeting minutes](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov/blob/master/docs/MetadataSchema/Jan2020.md) on GitHub.
    - Send email to Joe (joseph.castle@gsa.gov) or Amin (amin.mehr@gsa.gov) if you would like to participate.

## Current news
- Updates by Nicole Williams, Code.gov’s Comms Chief.
- Federal Source Code Conference April 16, 2020 @ GSA in DC and virtual!
- ICYMI:
    - [Crowdsourcing for Code Webinar](https://digital.gov/event/2020/02/11/federal-crowdsourcing-webinar-series-episode-7/).
- Upcoming Blogs: Community Building in Open Source, Diversity In Code (Black History Month), Women in Code (Women’s History) ***NOTE: For those wishing to contribute to these blogs please contact me on Slack @NicoleYvonneWilliams or at Nicole.Williams@gsa.gov***.
- Upcoming Social Media: Mardi Gras, Women’s History Month, March Madness, Pi Day
- Follow Us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/codedotgov), [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/code-gov), [Medium](https://medium.com/@CodeDotGov).

## Current engagements
- FSCS - Federal Source Code Study
    - Finished project, making some minor tweaks.
    - Release planned for April, shortly after 4/9.
- Software Productivity and Quality Working Group (SPSQ) coordinated by OSTP/NITRD
    - Includes BLS, NASA, NIST, DOD, GSA
    - Monthly calls with presentations on software engineering research and some relation to economics of software
    - Speak with Peter Meyer (Meyer.Peter@bls.gov) at BLS if interested in joining.
- Federal Source Code Toolkit
    - Planned for Spring w/ release at the Spring Federal Source Code Summit.
    - Looking for feedback on current [MD files](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-open-source-toolkit).

## Events
- Spring Federal Source Code Summit - For Feds by Feds, hosted at GSA w/ virtual component, 1/2 day in the morning, April 16th, 2020. - Topics based on FSCS study and input from this community - looking for ideas and speakers.
- Registration site with agenda coming very soon!

## Kudos
- DOE published new Code.json file.
- SSA - Code Documentation Day 2020 - Held Thursday, 1/23, at SSA. Contact Joe Amalfitano (joseph.amalfitano@ssa.gov) for more info.
- Sara Cope promoted to lead Digital.gov. Karen Trebon offered new position in TTS.
