## Agenda - 1/16/2020

#### Welcome
- Thank you for joining today!
- Purpose: This is a forum to learn from each other, not about compliance but about realizing the benefits of engaging with the public and releasing software.
- Programming note - next meeting is February 20th

#### IOUs from Code.gov - collected at the meeting in December
1. There was a *request for a Slack channel* for communication among the CoP outside the listserv. We use 18F Slack (really TTS now) and our channel is #code-gov-partners. Anyone with a .gov and .mil can join. Send a message to Amin Mehr (amin.mehr@gsa.gov) requesting to be added to the channel.
2. Peter Meyer's email (Meyer.Peter@bls.gov) for those interested in participating in the Software Productivity and Quality Working Group.
3. As requested, here is the [agency liaison list](SupportingDocs/agency_liaisons.md). Please keep me (joseph.castle@gsa.gov) and Amin (amin.mehr@gsa.gov) updated on required changes (a PR works too!).

#### OMB update on FSCP
- Policy (M-16-21) continues - agencies have to create policy, update acquisition language to capture new custom code, and inventory code and post inventory on root directory
- 20% pilot expired in August but OMB will extend pilot indefinitely in new Automated Tech Policy 
    - Asking agencies to email OMB about new policy - Rebecca Williams (rebecca.a.williams@omb.eop.gov)
- Completing quarterly agency phone calls - slightly more than 1/2 way finished

#### Updates to Code.gov
- Updates to platform
    - A new front-end release went out Dec. 11 ([release notes](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/releases/tag/v1.1.2)). Updates include:
    - Update to site with USWDS
    - Various component and vulnerability updates
- Metadata schema meeting
    - Scheduled for 1/22 at 2pm
    - Send email to Joe (joseph.castle@gsa.gov) or Amin (amin.mehr@gsa.gov) if you would like to participate

#### Current news
- Updates by Nicole Williams, Code.gov’s Comms Chief
- Federal Source Code Conference April 16, 2020 @ GSA 18F! - Take Our [Federal Source Conference Survey](https://feedback.gsa.gov/jfe/form/SV_8kmMZWIIfNocN9z)!
- ICYMI:
    - [How I replicated an $86 million project in 57 lines of code](https://read.acloud.guru/how-i-replicated-an-86-million-project-in-57-lines-of-code-277031330ee9)
    - [The rise of open-source software](https://www.cnbc.com/video/2019/12/14/how-open-source-software-became-the-new-industry-standard.html)
    - [The 10 Hottest New Open-Source Technologies And Tools of 2019](https://www.crn.com/slide-shows/applications-os/the-10-hottest-new-open-source-technologies-and-tools-of-2019)
- Upcoming Blogs: Community Building in Open Source, Diversity In Code (Black History Month), Women in Code (Women’s History) ***NOTE: For those wishing to contribute to these blogs please contact me on Slack @NicoleYvonneWilliams or at Nicole.Williams@gsa.gov***
- Upcoming Social Media: MLK Day of Service (1/20), Chinese New Year (1/25), National Lego Day (1/28), National Puzzle Day (1/29), Mentoring Month (All January)
- Follow Us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/codedotgov), [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/code-gov), [Medium](https://medium.com/@CodeDotGov)

#### Current engagements
- FSCS - Federal Source Code Study
    - Wrapping up data analysis and validating, finalizing draft for publication.
    - Release planned for March.
- Software Productivity and Quality Working Group
    - Includes BLS, NASA, NIST, DOD, GSA
    - Monthly calls with demos, super geeky conversations on code value and quality.
    - Speak with Peter Meyer (Meyer.Peter@bls.gov) at BLS if interested in joining.
- Federal Source Code Toolkit
    - Planned for Spring w/ release at the Spring Federal Source Code Summit
    - Establish workgroup
- Harvard code valuation project
    - Planned for Spring.
    - Exploratory research to value software - value to agency, public, cost, reuse, etc.
    - Ask for help from this community for interviews and artifacts, SMEs on code creation and reuse.

#### Events
- Spring Federal Source Code Summit - For Feds by Feds, hosted at GSA w/ virtual component, 1/2 day in the morning, April 16th, 2020. - Topics based on FSCS study and input from this community - looking for ideas and speakers.

#### Kudos
- DOT and DOD - working to clean up code.json files for publication on Code.gov
- SSA - Code Documentation Day 2020 - Thursday, 1/23, at SSA. Contact Joe Amalfitano (joseph.amalfitano@ssa.gov)
- Nikki Williams, Code.gov Comms Chief - completing and sending out Federal Source Code Summit survey, publishing [Code of Conduct blog](https://medium.com/codedotgov/new-decade-new-code-gov-code-of-conduct-d8402a79a34b)

#### Third Thursday Happy Hour
- Post Pub, at 15th and L NW
- Starting at 6pm
- All are welcome to join!